JT call,
RT call about baobab
Softsol email checking.
baobab meeting
     they asked for ownership of the code.
     
Make it vry clr did you used Twilio account (we can buy it for you) or you need your own number?.(if you need to your number we will provide QR code to scan and scanned mobile number to be always ON with internet).
Debian 10,16GB Ram, 8 Core processor.
Did you have API's for transaction,callcenter and validation.

Agent theme not work.
Webrtc issue.
Wrappup code general will post notes-sub catogary,
From to not in in MD.

Signature Spelling mistake - separate for agents.
Email Profile picture should first letter.
Ingocnito not send mail.
Need to show popup for singature.
Assigned to user.
when ticket closed it popup says deleted.
Filter not work for agent.
Color theme for filter and select view.
Filter based on department.
Assign to agent not working - As of now i chaged the department it was working.
Screenpop to show timeline details.
Need to show the new email/transfer notification.


Banlist in email,
Automessage in email,
New ticket alert,and templates.

Agent theme not work- Fixed

Webrtc error -  Fixed

Wrapup code general will post notes - Done- Subcatogary not yet completed.

From/to not show in Microsoft Dynamics.  Fixed

Signature Spelling mistake & separate sign for agents - Done

The email Profile picture should first letter.  - Done

Need to show the popup for signature - not yet completed

Assigned to user not working - Fixed

when the ticket closed it popup says deleted- Updated

Filter not work for the agent.- Fixed

The color theme for filter and select view editor-style changes- JN will provide design tmrw,As of now changed the color.

Filter based on department. - Not yet done

Assign to the agent not working - Fixed

Need to show the new email/transfer notification.- Not yet MR will update

Wrapupcode report,3CX call report -updated

MC dashboard for calls - updated

Dialer  recent call history issue - updated.




JUNE 5 
mC DASHBORD CALL SHOULD SHOW ADMIN TO WHICH AGENT ATTEND THE CALLS FROM WHICH NUMBER
Email should show to assigned to where
Email id should be choosen for which queue by customer.
Image missing issue in email
Editor should be maximized.
Remove intial content in editor
Email ticket notification can open the thread
email ticket template should be correct.
Email should have admin permission for agents
Reply email not auto reloaded
Attachement not working
Need to have collabrator
Default select all in Aux code report,report not work PS check,
Reply email show agent_name.
3CX call reports should show the notes


JUNE 11
Note should be new note.
Notification for new created ticket.



JUNE 16
Demo with simply smart Com
Wallboard and WhatsApp ok
 But their asking whatsApp call in based in Queue



Change name as Agent
Clean the Round Robin issue
table allignment
email note 
Select option in Ticket View.

Templete Off but auto response goes


Call with NB and MR.
Explain with PS about chat
Chekec in Noti
Worked in Department Orders issue for rounf robin

remove S.No from all modules - Replaces as #
Removed dept ID and Aux ID, Wrapup Code ID  -Done
Fixed the Ticket Queue list Design issues
Removed User ID in Department Queue page.
Webchat Message can't received to All agents,Only department agents should see -Done
Ticket status count in Email tickets done.
Ticket AutoResponse Received two time - Fixed
Can able to turn of the Auto Resposne via Email Template Page.
Updated All changes in UAT server 


26-06-21

Search Contact to be name instead of search user calls

Retrieve agents should be in order ASC 

Ticket status and filter not correct and Count was not correct,
If you change the status at bottom..that is collapsed the filter.
Avatar need to be removed in email reply. Name only show black and backround will Grey.
When create /reply please remove the FirstLetter in template.
need to claim the ticket.

Web Chat need to shows the Website name.
need to show only first name in Agent.Omni and Website too










